they were three cops who had nothing in
common phrase baby what are you doing
here and all me keeping the streets safe
boys one would do anything to get ahead
he truly prepared to be despised within
the department yes sir is one had his
own brand of justice how's it gonna look
in your report and look like justice
that's what the man got and one loved
the spotlight what exactly do you do on
the show - I teach Brett chase how to
walk and talk like a cop the Nite Owl
massacre this is a heinous crime that
requires the swift resolution six
victims one of them one of our own
interrogations will be led by lieutenant
Edmund Exley I need some backup
all right Collins boy I'll help now
all of them are faced with solving one
case oh no I want confessions Edmund
oh I'll break them sir these people are
all in the morgue and someone has to pay
for your something wrong with the night
L can't prove they thought they had it
all figured out anything bothering you
about the Nite Owl case Peck that you
guys won't let it get filed away no but
what started as a murder you talking Lee
to me on this one became a mystery that
could cost them everything
why was Susan Lefferts of the night oh I
don't know I never heard of the night
out till today how about some payback
big time we need evidence uh Adana it
was an information exchange you have an
improved the proof had his throat slit
what do you want actually I just want to
solve this thing even if it means paying
the consequences
Academy Award winner Kevin Spacey
Russell Crowe Guy Pearce James Cromwell
Kim Basinger Danny DeVito
LA Confidential
you